use-deliver/overview: Fill contents (#56)
open-education-hub/methodology: chapters/use-deliver/overview/reading/read.md

Educators fork the content repository into a delivery repository.
They configure the content according to their own needs, preferences or specifics of the learner group.
They then use the deployment and publishing infrastructure to make the content available to learners, both during and outside educational activities.
Optionally, educators may also fork solution repositories into a solution delivery repositories.

Educators organize content for the different educational activities they employ.
The mapping between educational activities and types of content is presented in the [Introduction](../../../landing-page/read.md).
The topics presented in this chapter are dedicated to each educational activity:

- [Lectures](../../lectures/reading/read.md)
- [Practical Sessions](../../practical-sessions/reading/read.md)
- [Assignments](../../assignments/reading/read.md)
- [Tests](../../tests/reading/read.md)
- [Self-Study](../../self-study/reading/read.md)

In the ideal case, an educator is only required to update the `config.yaml` file in the delivery repository.
The rest of the content is left unaltered and is thus in perfect sync with the original content repository.

> If changes to content are required, the educator is recommended to push the changes to the "upstream" content repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If changes to content are required, the educator is recommended to push the changes to the "upstream" content repository (the one under the Open Education Hub organization).
```
It may not be clear to someone not using git what "upstream" means.

The educator takes the role of contributor to the content repository.

> Learners that want to contribute to contents will do so in the delivery repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Learners who want to contribute to content will do so in the delivery repository.
```
